"can you do a credit card chargeback i want my money back!",
"Find quick answers to your questions about credit card fees, charges, and waivers right here!


Tip: Swipe left or right to explore more questions!
Learn more",
"help me reverse a charge",
"I'm happy to clarify any charges on your account. Choose the relevant topic so I can assist you better.
Deposit Account
Card
Loans
Investment",
"Card",
"Of course! I'm happy to help with your card inquiries. Just click on the relevant questions below for more details.

Tip: Swipe left or right to explore more questions!",
"how do I dispute a charge to my card",
"For transactions that are unauthorised on your card, block and replace your card first. Report card fraud immediately through digibank app or call DBS hotline.
Block and replace card
Learn more
Contact us",
"I don't want to replace my card I just want to get my money back from the seller",
"You can replace a lost, expired or damaged card via digibot.

Alternatively, you can also replace your card via digibank mobile.
Replace Now
Replace via digibank mobile",
"no, stop telling me how to replace the card! tell me how to get my money back from the seller",
"You can replace a lost, expired or damaged card via digibot.

Alternatively, you can also replace your card via digibank mobile.
Replace Now
Replace via digibank mobile",
"oh my god can you just say how do i get money back from seller",
"Simply login to digibank to access and view your statements or retail advices online at your convenience.
View your eStatements and eAdvices
Understanding your credit card statement",
"how do i get a refund or undo the transaction",
"Find answers to common transaction details on different products. Select the relevant product for more detailed information.


Tip: Swipe left or right to explore more questions!",
"How can I dispute an unauthorized transaction?",
"See an unauthorized purchase or incorrect charge? Learn how to get it resolved.
Resolve Unexpected Card Transactions
Block and Replace card
Report Scam"